I'm not signing any papers. I don't want to.
You want to kill me?
Grandma, don't get so mad.
Hey, look, I can't forgive.
It's rough.
I'm so sorry I'm late, Grandma.
Melody, so you are the gift.
And your justive time.
Talk some sense into Jamie.
Jamie, we grew up together.
You know that I would be a good wife.
Not some lowly delivery girl.
I barely know her.
I mean, Melody.
Shut your foul mouth or you can see yourself out.
I will not allow this.
She's a broke trailer park trash.
And she has contributed anything of any value to our family.
What are you so stubborn?
The only person who can call me names is my father.
Since money seems to be the only thing that matters to you.
Let me show you what real wealth looks like.
In my collection of 18th century pearl necklaces, diamond cane, and rare facial cream from India that the Queen of England uses.